.\"
.TH LCP2_CRTPOLLIST 8 "2020-05-10" "tboot" "User Manuals"
.SH NAME
lcp2_crtpollist \- create an Intel(R) TXT policy list
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B lcp2_crtpollist
.I COMMAND
.RI [ OPTION ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B lcp2_crtpollist
is used to create an Intel(R) TXT policy list.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B --create
Create a TXT policy list. The following options are available:
.RS
.TP \w'\fB--out\ \fIfile\fP'u+1n
\fB--out\ \fIfile\fP
output file for policy list
.TP
\fR[\fIfile\fR]...\fP
policy element files
.RE
.TP
.B --sign
Sign a TXT policy list.
.RS
.TP \w'\fB--sigalg\ \fI<rsa|ecdsa|sm2>\fP'u+1n
\fB--sigalg\ \fI<rsa|ecdsa|sm2>\fP
Signature algorithm. You can specify a symbolic name or a hexadecimal constant.
.TP
\fB--pub\ \fIfile\fP
Public key to use, must be in PEM format.
.TP
\fB[--priv\ \fIfile\fP]
Private key to use, must be in PEM format. This option is required unless you use the \fB--nosig\fP option
.TP
\fR[\fB--rev \fIcounter\fR]\fP
revocation counter value
.TP
\fR[\fB--nosig\fR]\fP
don't add a SigBlock
.TP
\fB--out\ \fIfile\fP
policy list file
.RE
.TP
.B --addsig
Add a signature
.RS
.TP \w'\fB--sig\ \fIfile\fP'u+1n
\fB--sig\ \fIfile\fP
file containing signature (big-endian)
.TP
\fB--out\ \fIfile\fP
policy list file
.RE
.TP
\fB--show \fIfile\fP
Show contents of a policy file
.TP
.B --help
Print out the help message.
.TP
.B --verbose
Enable verbose output; can be specified with any command.
.SH EXAMPLES
.P
Create unsigned policy list with MLE element:
.EX
lcp2_crtpollist --create --out list.lst mle.elt
.EE
.P
Sign policy:
.EX
lcp2_crtpollist --sign --sigalg rsa --pub pubkey.pem --priv privkey.pem --out list.lst
.EE
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR lcp2_crtpol (8),
.BR lcp2_crtpolelt (8),
.BR lcp2_crtpollist (8),
.BR openssl(1).
