.\"
.TH LCP2_CRTPOL 8 "2020-05-10" "tboot" "User Manuals"
.SH NAME
lcp2_crtpol \- create an Intel TXT Launch Control Policy
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B lcp2_crtpol
.B <--create|--show|--help>
.RB [ --brief ]
.RB [ --verbose ]
.B --alg
.I alg
.B --type
.I <any|list>
.RB [ --minver
.IR <ver> ]
.RB [ --rev
.IR <counter1> [ ,counterN ]]
.RB [ --ctrl
.IR <pol_ctrl> ]
.B --pol
.I <POLICY\ FILE>
.RB [ --data
.IR <POLICY\ DATA\ FILE> ]
.RB [ --mask
.IR mask ]
.RB [ --auxalg
.IR alg ]
.B --sign
.I alg
.RB [ --polver
.IR version ]
.RI [ OUTFILE ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B lcp2_crtpol
is used to create a TXT LCP policy (and optionally policy data), which can later be written to the TPM. The policy is created for platforms produced after 2008.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B --create
Create a policy.
.TP
.B --show
Show contents of a policy file, policy data file or both. If you specify one file it must be either a policy file or a policy data file. If you specify two files, one must be a policy file and the other a policy data file.
.TP
.B --help
Show help text.
.TP
.B --brief
Use brief format for output.
.TP
.B --verbose
Use verbose format for output.
.TP
.BI --alg\  alg
Specify algorithm for the LCP. Supported values are sha1, sha256 or sm3.
.TP
.BI --type\  <any|list>
Specify type of the policy.
.TP
.BI --minver\  version
Specify minimum allowed SINIT module version number (SINITMinVersion).
.TP
.BI --rev\  <counter1>[,counterN]
Specify a comma-separated list of revocation counters.
.TP
.BI --ctrl\  <pol\ ctrl>
Specify PolicyControl value. The default is 0 (LCP_DEFAULT_POLICY_CONTROL).
.TP
.BI --pol\  <POLICY\ FILE>
Specify output file for the policy.
.TP
.BI --data\  <POLICY\ DATA\ FILE>
Specify output file for the policy data.
.TP
.BI --mask\  mask
Specify the policy hash algorithm mask. Supported values are sha1, sha256, sha384, sha512 or sm3. You can also specify a raw value in hex (the value must start with "0x").
.TP
.BI --auxalg\  alg
Specify the AUX hash algorithm. Supported values are sha1, sha256, sha384, sha512 or sm3. You can also specify a raw value in hex (the value must start with "0x").
.TP
.BI --sign\  alg
Specify the LCP signing algorithm. This must be specified in hex (the value must start with "0x") and is supported only for policy version 3.
.TP
.BI --polver\  version
Specify LCP policy version. Supported values are 2.0, 3.0 and 3.1.
.SH EXAMPLES
.EX
lcp2_crtpol --create --type list --pol list.pol --alg sha256 --data list.data --sign 0x8 list.lst
.EE
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR lcp_readpol (8),
.BR lcp_writepol (8),
.BR lcp2_mlehash (8),
.BR lcp_crtpconf (8).
